Redesign message list separators (#1354)
GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui: CHANGELOG.md

### ✅ Added
- Show deleted messages in channel list preview [#1338](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui/pull/1338)
- Update deleted message design in the message list [#1349](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui/pull/1349)

> - Redesign `NewMessagesIndicator` to match Figma spec [#1354](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui/pull/1354)

Author: ```suggestion
- Redesign new messages divider in the message list [#1354](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui/pull/1354)
```

> - Add thread replies separator and extract `MessageListDivider` [#1354](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui/pull/1354)

Author: ```suggestion
- Redesign the thread replies divider in the message replies list [#1354](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui/pull/1354)
```
